README.md, before:

# Rating Concealer

An extension which checks for all ratings on Lichess.com and blocks it out so you can focus on playing great chess. 

# Features
- It removes all ratings not only yours.
- It also removes dates(Fixing).
- It is disabled on the homepage.
- Enabled on all other pages.
- Rating gain or loss is also removed but certain markers of success and failure have been left in to inform your growth e.g rating progession on profile page, whether you won or loss the game and by what means.
- Custom messages or quotes are displayed on the top during your game.


# TODO
- Don't allow it to remove parts key to the website
    - Match times on the homepage. Maybe just disable it on the homepage
- Let users type in preferred message to be displayed.
    - Needs to be aesthetically put though.
- Display quotes or blank based on user's choice if they don't enter custom message.
    - Display quotes or user message in a blockquote tag at the top of the page
- Enable for player modal.
    - Maybe check one more node level deep in the replace function.

# Installation
## Chrome Web Store(To be published soon)
- Just search for rating concealer

## Developer mode
- Clone this repo.
- Go to ```browser_name://extensions``` .
- Click on Developer Mode on the far right top corner.
- Click on Load Unpacked.
- Navigate in your computer to the location where the cloned folder is saved and select the folder.
- Make sure the Enable Slider is toggled on.
- Refresh

Commit message:

publishing first version of extension on chrome web store

README.md, after:

# Rating Concealer

An extension which checks for all ratings on Lichess.com and blocks it out so you can focus on playing great chess. 

# Features
- It removes all ratings not only yours.
- It also removes dates(Fixing).
- It is disabled on the homepage.
- Enabled on all other pages.
- Rating gain or loss is also removed but certain markers of success and failure have been left in to inform your growth e.g rating progession on profile page, whether you won or loss the game and by what means.
- Custom messages or quotes are displayed on the top during your game.


# TODO
- Don't allow it to remove parts key to the website
    - Match times on the homepage. Maybe just disable it on the homepage
- Let users type in preferred message to be displayed.
    - Needs to be aesthetically put though.
- Display quotes or blank based on user's choice if they don't enter custom message.
    - Display quotes or user message in a blockquote tag at the top of the page
- Enable for player modal.
    - Maybe check one more node level deep in the replace function.
- Find a way to disable it on after a game is finished as it brings back the ratings
- Publish on Google chrome web store, firefox addons, and opera addons. But mainly chrome first.

# Installation
## Chrome Web Store(To be published soon)
- Just search for rating concealer

## Developer mode
- Clone this repo.
- Go to ```browser_name://extensions``` .
- Click on Developer Mode on the far right top corner.
- Click on Load Unpacked.
- Navigate in your computer to the location where the cloned folder is saved and select the folder.
- Make sure the Enable Slider is toggled on.
- Refresh
